Welcome to my sports app!

I. Introduction.
The app is intended to be used by both coaches and trainees and all users should benefit from
it with different features suited for their best interest.

1.Visitors
Visitors of the website can search for gyms in their city and decide which sports
center to visit based on its rating and facilities provided. All visitors of the website will
be able to browse in a database of articles and exercises split into article categories, types of
exercises and body parts that each exercise is targeting.

2.Trainees
What trainees benefit more is that they can update their training progress by setting
initial goals and adding new ones to accomplish. They can upload their workouts to keep
track of their activity during the year.
If a specific (more niche) exercise is missing from our database, they have the option to create
one on their own and add it to their workout.
Trainees will have the ability to hire coaches and rate them based on their experience.

The Trainee's profile dashboard displays the trainee personal and profile data. It shows
the latest 3 workouts and their list of goals. They can also start a workout from there and
add new goals. Editing their profiles is also available in the dashboard.

3. Coaches
Coaches will be able to list themselves in their practiced training field and sports
showcasing their work and specialization.
To increase their visibility they can upgrade their membership in order to be listed
higher in the pool of trainers. By having the option to write article, they will also
be able to improve their image among trainees and the sports community overall.

Columnists will have access to view client-created exercises so they can research and add
them to the company's database of exercises so they are available to broader audience. They will
also write articles and add sports to the DB.

The Superuser is quite obvious. Along with administrators they will have the permissions to
manage staff and non-staff users, content, etc.

II. Loading the app

There is some initial data that should be loaded when the visitor enters the site. It consists of
a small number of articles, exercises, gyms and trainers. The content is supposed to be filled by staff
and clients with time.
For the sake of showcasing the project, you might want to sign up as a trainee and add some mock workouts
and exercises.
As a trainer, you can write an article. Once signed up, you will find your trainer profile listed in the
'Find a coach' page available for trainees.

If the initial data doesn't load, please run the following commands in the
terminal so the data is populated from the fixtures:

python manage.py makemigrations
python manage.py migrate
python manage.py cities_light
python manage.py loaddata app_user_data
python manage.py loaddata sports_data
python manage.py loaddata facility_data
python manage.py loaddata gym_data
python manage.py loaddata goal_data
python manage.py loaddata exercise_data
python manage.py loaddata article_data

III. Admin Site

There are 4 types of staff users:
- Superuser with all permissions enabled
- Administrators with permissions to manage users and content
- Managers with permissions to add gyms and content, manage client users.
- Columnists - Permissions to write articles, add sports and exercises

The logic behind having separate staff profiles is for example that gym listings will
be tied to some business communication and it will cost for the gym owner to list their sports
center. Since there isn't a system for payment in the website yet, gym owners will be reached
out by staff personnel who will add the gyms from the back-end with the collected information.


DISCLAIMERS:
- The website is not optimized for mobile and small screens. You can get the best experience on a standard monitor
- There is a small amount of dummy data. Content such as exercises, articles and gyms are supposed to be uploaded
by the owner of the app. Alternatively it could be scraped from another website or get them with an API.
